This cake is so big, it is entirely possible to put explosives in it.
How did I wire this person before?
If there's nothing wrong with the cake, why is it still so nervous with its expression on its face?
You're sure it's nervous. right,
I was very nervous, holding the cake tightly with both hands,
There is definitely something wrong. So this person is very suspicious?
It must be it, the cake is so big,
Explosives were hidden, no one knew. Then the next time we travel back in time,
Join forces to put the adults in uniform, open the cake and take a look,
There is no problem. But these are just suspicions.
Also the little brother's improvement
I'll go check out the small house nearby
You two wait for me here